Add week 1 learning outcomes (#11)
foundersandcoders/coursebook: learning-outcomes.md

- [ ] We can write descriptive commit messages so that our commit history tells a story
- [ ] We can amend commit messages so that we can correct typos/mistakes before we push to GitHub
- [ ] We can co-author commit messages so that our commit history reflects everyone’s contributions
- [ ] We can merge master to our feature branch so that we can resolve any merge conflicts locally
- [ ] We can resolve merge conflicts to maintain a working codebase
- [ ] We can push and pull branches from a remote to work on different tasks
- [ ] We can create a pull request on GitHub to request feedback from our teammates
- [ ] We can review other people’s pull requests to provide feedback on their code
- [ ] We can delete branches that have been merged to keep our repo tidy

---

### Accessibility

- [ ] **We can make a website that is accessible by people other than ourselves**
- [ ] We can structure a site using semantic HTML to aid accessibility
- [ ] We can add appropriate attributes to HTML elements to make them screen reader friendly
- [ ] We can add ARIA labels (where necessary) to make our semantic HTML more accessible

> - [ ] We can run a Lighthouse accessibility audit to check our website’s accessibility

Author: Ok, I've changed that

> - [ ] We can use a screen reader to understand how people with visual impairments maye experience our website

Author: Thanks, fixed

> - [ ] We can implement a suitable contrast ratio on our website so that it meets the needs of people who are colour blind

Reviewer: I think these are two related but separate concepts. Higher contrast benefits everyone, especially people with visual impairments. Colour-blindness is more affected by the hues chosen rather than contrast levels.

```suggestion
- [ ] We can design a UI without relying solely on colour, so that we don't exclude colour-blind users
- [ ] We can ensure our UI has sufficient colour contrast so that everyone can perceive it comfortably
```

Author: Have accepted your suggested change.

> - [ ] We can use various tools (Lighthouse, Chromevox, WCAG Contract Checker Extension, Devtools) to check that our website meets accessibility criteria

Reviewer: Chromevox is a weird one. I don't think anyone actually uses it as assistive tech—it seems to only be used by devs doing testing. It's ok for getting the general idea of what a screenreader is, but they're all so different and have such specific requirements that it seems like a waste to teach something that no one really uses.

Would it be unfair to ask Mac users to use Voiceover and have Linux users stick with ChromeVox? (Since JAWS is v expensive)

Author: That's interesting - I'll omit to specify the screenreader that should be used then

> - [ ] We can use various tools (Lighthouse, Chromevox, WCAG Contract Checker Extension, Devtools) to check that our website meets accessibility criteria

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] We can use various tools (Lighthouse, Chromevox, WCAG Contrast Checker Extension, Devtools) to check that our website meets accessibility criteria
```
Typo

Author: Fixed 👍

---

## Design

### Responsive design

- [ ] **We can make our website display well on screens of different sizes**

> - [ ] We can use CSS media queries to change the layout on different devices/viewports

Reviewer: I think this might reinforce the idea that media queries should be specific-device-first, rather than content-first.

```suggestion
- [ ] We can use CSS media queries to ensure our content is always presented effectively
```

Author: Good point, agreed.

> - [ ] We can design mobile-first to ensure mobile users have a great experience on our site

Reviewer: I'm not sure how to phrase it, but imo mobile-first is just an easier way to create a responsive layout (both easier to design and code).

Author: Perhaps "We can demonstrate a mobile-first approach to designing a website with a great user experience"

Reviewer: Yeah maybe. I wouldn't mind also clarifying that it's not "mobile-only" (this is something we used to joke about at Ticketmaster after seeing all the FAC projects).

---

### Grid layout

- [ ] **We can use CSS Grid to apply responsive layouts to our website**

> - [ ] We can use an 8pt grid to create a consistent layout for our web pages

Reviewer: Could we emphasise that this is a design concept?

```suggestion
- [ ] We can use an 8pt grid to design a consistent layout for our web pages
```

Author: Yep, this LO is written in the Design subsection, I've added an extra clarification which I think makes it clear

# Week 1 Learning Outcomes

## Teamwork & Toolkit

### Pair programming

- [ ] **We can use pair programming techniques to work together**
- [ ] We can work on one computer as a pair
- [ ] We can use four different paired programming techniques
- [ ] We can distribute commits evenly among team members

---

### Version control

- [ ] **We can use Git and GitHub as version control for our code**
- [ ] We can initialise a Git repository so that we can track changes to our code over time
- [ ] We can add / stage files so that we can include these updates in our next commit
- [ ] We can write descriptive commit messages so that our commit history tells a story

> - [ ] We can amend commit messages so that we can correct typos/mistakes before we push to GitHub

Reviewer 2: Agree that amending commits is good to learn, but not sure if it's overloading them in the first week...

Reviewer: Yeah we can probably spread git stuff out a bit more across the 8 weeks

> - [ ] We can co-author commit messages so that our commit history reflects everyone’s contributions

Reviewer 2: is co-authoring necessary? We may be putting too much into their first week using Git collaboratively. I'd say this could be brought in in a later week

Author: It probably isn't necessary in week 1, I put it here because it's something that FAC17 learned in their final week that they wish they'd learned earlier. It probably is a bit much for week 1 though. I think we can put this one in the toolkit set of LOs for a subsequent week

- [ ] We can merge master to our feature branch so that we can resolve any merge conflicts locally
- [ ] We can resolve merge conflicts to maintain a working codebase
- [ ] We can push and pull branches from a remote to work on different tasks
- [ ] We can create a pull request on GitHub to request feedback from our teammates
- [ ] We can review other people’s pull requests to provide feedback on their code
- [ ] We can delete branches that have been merged to keep our repo tidy

---

### Accessibility

- [ ] **We can make a website that is accessible by people other than ourselves**
- [ ] We can structure a site using semantic HTML to aid accessibility
- [ ] We can add appropriate attributes to HTML elements to make them screen reader friendly
- [ ] We can add ARIA labels (where necessary) to make our semantic HTML more accessible

> - [ ] We can run a dev tools accessibility audit to check our website’s accessibility

Reviewer 2: This duplicates requirements of the final LO (line 41), can this be removed?

- [ ] We can use a screen reader to understand how people with visual impairments may experience our website

> - [ ] We can design a UI without relying solely on colour, so that we don't exclude colour-blind users

Reviewer 2: These two (line 39 and 40) could be combined

- we can choose colours and contrast ratios in our UI to make our design inclusive for colour-blind and visually impaired users

Reviewer: If we're going to mention any specific access requirements I would quite like to keep these as independent points, as they're not really related (other than being colour).

I do wonder if it makes sense to have a random selection of a11y stuff in here though. There's a big checklist of stuff to do/not do, and it feels weird to pick out just a few of them (and might mislead students into thinking these are more important). Maybe we should have a more generic a11y LO?
